
This is the global TODO list for 50 Megapictures 
————————————————————————————————————————————————

Spectator (MSP) 
————————————————
- fix time_flux labels
- are the grey error vectors in the quicklook plots correct? They look too large. 
- EBJ: I suggest that you replace the current explanation of S/N values with the following statement: 
“Error vectors depicted as a gray trace and S/N values stated for the colored shaded bands represent errors
per pixel in the unsmoothed spectrum.”
- EBJ: Vertical scaling in the plots looks good and thankfully avoids being fooled by the L-alpha emission
or bad pixels at the extreme ends of the spectra.  This is a real improvement over what we often
see in the MAST quick look displays.  The only situations that I found where the scaling was not
optimal was for quasar spectra with very strong emission peaks.  Of course, if you rescale to
show the top of the emission profile, you badly suppress the amplitude of the spectrum elsewhere.
Perhaps a solution to this would be to have the parts clipped at the top “roll over” and reappear
at the bottom, i.e., modulo the intensity value at the top of y-axis in the plot.  Then, one could see the top
of the emission and the continuum level elsewhere at a good scaling, all in a single plot.  You
probably would want to show the rolled over portion in a different color.
- EBJ: What kind of smoothing did you implement for the display?  Box car or Gaussian?  I think
a Gaussian kernel would give slightly better results.
- EBJ: I did not find the flux vs. time plots very interesting (e.g., look at the one for CTS0216).  Even
when I examined the plot for an object that had 60 observations (QSO-J1701+6412), it looks
rather boring.  Is this feature really useful?  Maybe so, but I did not see any cases of this sort.
Incidentally,  the listing for QSO-J1701+6412 seems to be duplicated in two rows.


MAST integration
————————————————
- EBJ: As I mentioned during the meeting, it would be good to have a GUI similar to the 
view/customize plot option for individual exposures in the MAST quick look page.
If you have trouble linking to the program that does this in MAST, perhaps you could
simply steal their code and duplicate it on your own system?




Praise
——————
Ed Jenkins: “I too find the archive nicely organized, easy to use, and potentially very useful for future investigators.
You’ve done a really nice job!”

Charles Danforth: “First of all, I'm super-impressed by the web interface.  It's really cool stuff and fun to delve through. . . . [boring stuff about data]. . . In any case, impressive work, Molly.”





